www.ventiquattrore.tv;24ore
www.reteallmusic.it;All music
www.bbcworld.com;BBC World
edition.cnn.com;CNN International
www.canale5.com;Canale 5
www.cartoonnetwork.it;Cartoon Network
www.comingsoon.it;Coming Soon
www.discovery-italia.com;Discovery Channel
www.disneychannel.it;Disney Channel
www.eurosport.com;EuroSport
europa7.skytv.it;Europa 7
www.foxkids.it;Fox Kids
interchannel.inter.it;Inter Channel
www.italia1.com;Italia 1
www.canaljimmy.it;Jimmy
www.la7.it;La 7
www.matchmusic.it;Match Music
www.mtv.it;Mtv
www.ngcitalia.it;National Geographic Channel
www.odeontv.net;Odeon Tv
www.raidue.rai.it;Rai Due
edulab1.educational.rai.it;Rai Edu Lab 1
edulab2.educational.rai.it;Rai Edu Lab 2
cinemaworld.raisat.it;RaiSat Cinema World
extra.raisat.it;RaiSat Extra
gamberorosso.raisat.it;RaiSat Gambero Rosso
www.raisport.rai.it;Rai Sport Sat
www.raitre.rai.it;Rai Tre
www.raiuno.rai.it;Rai Uno
www.rete4.com;Rete 4
skycinema1.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 1
skycinema2.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 2
skycinema3.skytv.it;Sky Cinema 3
skycinemaautore.skytv.it;Sky Cinema Autore
www.skynews.it;Sky News
skysport1.skytv.it;Sky Sport 1
skysport2.skytv.it;Sky Sport 2
skytg24.skytv.it;Sky TG24
www.studiouniversal.it;Studio Universal
